[Datasets] Add `SimpleTorchDatasource` (#23926)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/creating-datasets.rst

    dask_df = dd.from_pandas(pdf, npartitions=10)
    ds = ray.data.from_dask(dask_df)

From Torch datasets
---------------------------------------

> If you're using a Torch dataset, you can create a Dataset using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a Torch dataset available, you can create a Ray Dataset using 
```
